It's been a month since Alicia secluded
herself in this shed to study.
Good morning, Gill.
Good morning. Is that for Alicia?
Yes, but this is as close as I can bring it.
She won't let anyone near... and
even put up a wall with magic.
She must be struggling to get
by on her own, and yet...
It's sad, isn't it?
But getting all sentimental about it...
won't help.
Good morning, Gill.
Good morning.
Weren't you told that you could
eat what the young lady eats?
You're a boy of few wants, aren't you?
I want to get to the
library quickly. Also...
If servants get to eat fine meals
like this, you're living in luxury.
You think so?
They're just ordinary potatoes...
Well... I grew up very poor.
Have some bacon, too!
And an apple!
Uh, thanks...
I'm the most fortunate villager
to have ever come from Roana.
We didn't have potatoes
this big in the village.
So I want to live up to the
expectations Alicia has for me.
I won't let anyone tell me
that there are things I can't
do because I'm a commoner!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess Sits This One Out
Hi there, Gill.
Sir...
I wanted to give you this.
It's the magic potion Avel.
You need it to get through the magic barrier
and back to your village, don't you?
So that's what this is.
Why give me this? You could just
pick me up and toss me out.
It's your mansion, after all.
You've got the wrong idea.
I was giving them to Alicia before.
From now on, whenever you
want to use one, just ask.
Huh? You're not kicking me out?
Why, then?
As Alicia's father, I'm grateful to you.
I only wish for her to be happy,
but I don't think I'm someone
who can understand her.
I can't guarantee I'll always
be able to take her side, either.
Ever since Alicia was little, while other
girls her age were playing together,
she was always throwing herself at her
studies as if her life depended on it.
You're the only person she's ever
forged a friendship with on her own.
I hope you'll continue to be my daughter's
friend for a good, long time.
You sound like a regular dad...
Well, I am her dad!
I thought you were pretty cruel
for locking her in a shed.
My wife said the same thing.
What is the meaning of this, Arnold?
Well, you see, Layla...
I understand taking her out
of school for a while,
but locking her up with magic, and not
letting her out until she reaches level 90?
That crosses the line into child abuse!
And you call yourself her father?!
I'm disappointed in you!
N-Now, wait! Listen to me, Layla! I...
I never told her to go that far.
Do you mean Alicia... went
into that shed herself?
I set the level 90 condition because I wanted
her to give up on being the Saint's watcher.
I gave her a difficult task on purpose.
I promise you
that I will reach this goal
I promise you that I will reach this goal.
But for some reason, that just
made her even more motivated.
So it backfired on you, huh?
My only intention was to no longer allow
her to be a watcher if she failed.
I was going to let her return to the
academy when the time was right.
Alicia will pull it off.
Once she says she'll do
something, she does it.
Can't you just have a little more
faith and trust her with this?
Alicia is strong.
I don't want her to get
involved with Liz Cather.
Being on the wrong side of a conflict
with Liz put Alicia in danger.
Albert has changed since he met Liz.
I'm not even sure I want him
to succeed me anymore.
After that incident, even the king
paid me a visit and apologized.
He granted me his blessing to relieve
her of her duty as watcher.
But in truth, he probably
wants her to keep doing it.
Because Liz is the Saint?
Do you people really believe she
is going to save this kingdom?
The concept of "saving this
kingdom" is quite ambiguous...
But it is true that she's worth using.
Liz's extraordinary magical talents
could prove useful in countless ways.
Once she graduates, she'll
be lauded as the Saint
and put to work for the kingdom, I'm sure.
The same goes for Alicia.
Anyone who possesses exceptional
talents is put to use by the kingdom.
If she were a powerless little girl,
I could've protected her as her father,
but as the head of one of
the Five Great Noble Families,
I'm just one of the people
who ends up using her.
That's what I mean when I say I might
not always be able to take her side.
Will you hold me in contempt for that?
No.
Alicia isn't some pitiful
child who just gets used.
If anything, she thinks you people are weak.
She was saying the magical supremacy
in this kingdom is inefficient.
They'll talk about using a little girl
for the benefit of the kingdom,
but people who lack magic
aren't even considered.
Alicia intends to train me up
into someone she can use.
I will always be on her
side, no matter what.
I see.
I think I understand why
she trusts you so much.
Wow! We got so many!
Does this mean we can eat enough
to fill our bellies every day?
I don't think it's quite enough
to fill you up every day.
But still...
Let's all eat these together
to celebrate our harvest!
Yay!
I never dreamed we'd be able to grow
food like this in the village.
I hope we get to show Alicia soon.
Nobles sure are smart, though.
She even knew what varieties
would grow here.
We grew them just like she told us to,
and the harvest came out even
better than we expected!
True.
The daughter of a nobleman shouldn't
know anything about raising crops.
She probably studied it all on her own.
Thief!
It's your own fault for flashing
food around like that!
Hey! Stop!
Catch me if you think you ca—
Nate! You saved our food!
You shouldn't go charging
at people with that leg.
It was a reflex. Thanks, Nate.
When you grow crops in
a big field like this,
it's obviously gonna end up a target.
Yeah, I guess...
We're a pretty big family now,
but there are still quite a few
people who aren't on board yet.
It'd be a big help if you'd join up with us.
All the guys you hang out
with are strong, too.
Do you seriously believe that noble chick
is gonna set this village free someday?
It's just a noble's passing whim.
She just wants to make herself
feel good by doing charity work.
She hasn't even been seen
around here for so long now.
I bet she got bored of us.
And yet you and Grandpa Will
take her seriously.
Are you stupid?
I can't bear to watch it.
Alicia isn't like that,
but even if she is, I think that's fine.
Alicia taught us how to grow crops.
If it was just about charity,
it would've been easier to
buy food and give it to us.
But what she did give us
is the knowledge of what crops can
grow where it's always cloudy,
and how to raise them.
We can live much better lives now, with
our own hands, than we had before.
That alone is worth so much.
But whether or not we keep moving
forward from here is up to us.
I don't want to extinguish the hope
that Alicia set alight for us.
You've been getting involved
with Roana, haven't you, Duke?
I'm not trying to reproach you.
It was Alicia's written proposal.
Liz's essay has inspired unprecedented
levels of sympathy for Roana.
But this is not an issue that can be
resolved with sentimental arguments.
Alicia has compiled various
concerns and proposed plans
in a way that builds upon Liz's ideas.
Duke...
Have you any interest in undertaking
an official reformation of Roana?
The village has been used to
lock up only innocent people
and isolate them using
magic on a large scale.
As Liz said, it is a humanitarian issue,
and as Alicia pointed out,
it is a waste of land and mana sources.
It was always an issue we'd
have to deal with eventually,
but the need was simply not pressing enough,
and there are constantly a multitude of
problems awaiting government action.
Thus it has been put off by generation
after generation of kings.
I'm no exception, myself.
You are a brilliant prince.
Far more so than me.
You are by far the better choice to...
No, if my brother were here...
Perhaps you should take some time off?
Roana is indeed a matter of concern,
but our king having too much on his
plate is another issue we must remedy.
The range of issues that
demand a king's direction,
even provincial administrative matters
that should be trivial, is far too broad.
Making a decision takes time,
and that, in turn, causes the entire
kingdom's progress to lag behind.
Perhaps you should trust
local judgment a bit more?
You think so, as well?
"As well"?
No, you're right.
Your words are painfully true.
I am aware that you're currently too busy
to deal with the reformation of Roana.
I am willing to tackle this
issue, if you'll allow it.
Yes, please do.
But to think she could come up with
remedial measures at such a young age...
Letting her vanish from center stage
now would be a waste of talent.
Oh, hello! I'm your savior!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Is there anything troubling y—
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
It's not macarons? Not macarons...
Macarons.
It's now been six months since Alicia
secluded herself in the shed.
Alicia's magic practice must
be pretty intense, huh?
She's still the most talented
of all us siblings.
Why make her try to get even better?
Alicia told me something once.
I'm impressed you do that every day.
Improving one's magic level
starts with physical strength.
Muscles are the building
blocks of everything!
And you're doing all this
to catch up to Liz Cather?
I'll never catch up to Liz,
no matter how hard I work.
Not ever.
What? But you're working so hard!
Hard work is never rewarded.
But still...
I want to get as close
to Liz's level as I can.
I can't act better than her if I don't!
She keeps working hard so she can
gain the confidence to face her.
She'd go that far just to compete with Liz?
We're talking about an actual prodigy, here.
She can easily cast multiple instances
of spells that are difficult
enough to cast singularly.
Competing against someone like that
would normally be unthinkable.
But...
Only those who aren't bound by "normal"
are able to change the status quo.
I thought she was wasting her time writing
that proposal about Roana, too...
But, just maybe...
That's why I have to work harder, too.
So that I can stand by Alicia's side.
Henri.
Alicia's not here yet.
Oh...
I feel so bad for Prince Duke.
He hates Alicia Williams so much,
he's worried that she might
come to the academy.
That girl should just quit school already.
They don't know the first thing about
Alicia, yet they keep running their mouths.
Did I say something strange?
No. I'm just glad you turned
to glare at them first.
If that had kept going, those jerks would've
been expelled by the end of the day.
Huh? For real?
Hey, come on. Don't say
scary things like that.
Our school lives should be
healthy and cheerful, right?
If you want to complain, take it up with
the idiots who keep saying stupid things.
It's so weird, though.
I can't figure out where the nasty
rumors about Alicia started.
Well, that's just how rumors are.
Also, no matter how hard I try to clear
up the misunderstandings about her,
nobody will believe me,
yet they call me a nice guy who
cares about his baby sister.
Is it what they'd call a misunderstanding
based on prejudice?
Rumors started spreading that Ali is a loose
girl who paid a visit to Duke at night...
Oh, sorry!
If I'd known this would happen,
I would've come up with an
unshakable fait accompli.
Huh?
Duke!
You're making that somber face again.
You know, at times like this,
I think what you need is some delicious
tea and pastries for a change of pace.
Liz baked a cake!
Liz's cakes are the best!
You're sure to feel better
when you have some!
Prince Duke and Miss Liz really
do look lovely together.
With Miss Liz around,
even Prince Duke will be able to forget
how troublesome Alicia Williams is.
I poured my heart into making a cake in
the hopes that it would make you smile.
I really hope you like it.
Sorry, but I'm not in the mood right now.
Duke...
Liz! Don't worry about it!
He just isn't in the mood for
sweets right now, that's all!
Eric...
Or maybe...
he's still on edge because
of my stupid sister.
I'm sorry, Liz.
No, no! It's nothing you
need to apologize for.
If I just try harder,
I'm sure I can bring Duke's smile back.
I truly believe that!
There's no doubt if you say so!
Yeah!
So is it really Alicia Williams's
fault that nothing has changed
between Miss Liz and Prince Duke?
Yeah! It must be!
That girl is just infuriating!
Interesting, isn't it?
When you say "interesting,"
are you referring to the nasty
rumors going around about Alicia?
No. What I'm curious about is those girls.
They used to hate Liz's guts, you know.
They even bullied her all the time.
But at some point, suddenly they
started being all, "I love Miss Liz!"
Do you think people's feelings
change that easily?
Thanks for the backup.
I'm not sure how long I'll
be able to do it, though.
The student council has gotten
awfully prickly, too.
So long as that young lady is absent,
I guess it'll be tough to
have a healthy school life.
And when she does come back,
that'll be just as interesting!
I can't believe you're able to enjoy this.
You amaze me, you know that?
Mel, there's something
I want you to look into.
Could it be... the Saint?
There may be some mechanism behind her
ability to make everyone love her.
Wow! That sounds fascinating!
I'm on it!
Also, Father has officially given me full
authority over the matter with Roana.
Get me more detailed information.
Ooh! At last?
You-know-who doesn't seem so excited
about that whole thing, though...
That's true...
But I don't intend to force anything.
Hmm... I bet this would've gone
more quickly if she were here.
Hey, Master! Would you like me
to check in on Miss Alicia, too?
No.
Why not? You're curious, aren't you?
I don't want anyone who isn't
me learning more about her.
I never thought I'd see
the day when you envied me!
Well, this was fun to see.
I'll go do my job now!
I wish I were the only one
who really knew you...
Two Years Later
Here. Using your brain makes
you want sweets, right?
Thanks.
Come to think of it, Alicia said she
eats macarons to improve her focus.
That's probably just because
macarons are her favorite treat.
I wonder how much longer she'll keep this up
when she can't even have macarons.
Yeah...
It's been two years now since
Alicia started her training.
There's less than a year left
before Liz Cather graduates.
This was too easy!
To be honest, knowing Alicia,
I thought she'd fulfill her father's
conditions with superhuman speed.
Well, she's going for level 90.
It won't be that easy.
When Ali turned fifteen,
Father approached her about
going back to the academy,
but she turned him away, saying,
"I'm just getting to the good part."
Have to wonder what "the good part" is.
Well, we know for sure that
Alicia hasn't given up.
So I can't give up, either.
Gill! I just—
Oh, Master Henri. Do forgive me.
It's all right. What's going on?
I just heard that Miss Alicia
has completed her training!
The barrier's gone!
Alicia!
Gill?
You've gotten taller.
I didn't recognize you.